[Maps] make grid rectangles the default symbolization for geo grid source (#50169)
elastic/kibana: docs/maps/maps-aggregations.asciidoc

Aggregations group your documents into buckets and calculate metrics for each bucket.
Your documents stay in Elasticsearch and only the metrics for each group are returned to your computer.

> Use aggregated layers in conjunction with document layers to show aggregated views when the map shows larger amounts of the globe and individual documents when the  map shows smaller regions. See <<maps-add-elasticsearch-layer, gettig started>> tutorial for more details.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
Use aggregated layers with document layers to show aggregated views when the map shows larger amounts of the globe and individual documents when the  map shows smaller regions. See the <<maps-add-elasticsearch-layer, Getting started>> tutorial for more details.
```

Reviewer: Would side-by-side images help explain this concept?

Author: How about an animated GIF? Can/should animated GIFs be used in the docs?
